Taxii2 server (#16359)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_2_6.md

#### Scripts
##### NGINXApiModule

>  - Added **extra-cache-keys** for additional http headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support for providing a *proxy_set_header* property to the default server configuration file. 
 - Added proxy timeout values to the default server configuration file.
 - Added support for providing multiple http headers in the *$extra_cache_key* placeholder.
```
please review this suggestion
